ADBDEV-6699: Fix tests for GPDB 7 (#44)
arenadata/diskquota: arenadata/README.md

You can build your Docker image from GPDB source or use prebuilt images from hub.adsw.io.
How to build Docker image: (["readme.md"](https://github.com/arenadata/gpdb/blob/f7ff7c8ecae4ce7ab3b73fd46171cdaa457b3591/arenadata/readme.md)).

## Supported GPDB images

> - `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_u22:latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_regress:latest`
- `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_u22:latest`
```

1. Download the cmake-3.20 install script from ([source](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.20.0/cmake-3.20.0-linux-x86_64.sh)).

2. Build diskquota in the Docker container.

> Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to GPDB regression testing image (for example `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_regress:latest` or `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb7_u22:latest`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to GPDB regression testing image (for example `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_u22:latest` or `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb7_u22:latest`)
```

```
docker run --rm -it -e DISKQUOTA_OS=rhel7 \
       -v /tmp/diskquota_artifacts:/home/gpadmin/diskquota_artifacts \
       -v <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC>:/home/gpadmin/diskquota_src \
       -v <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT>:/home/gpadmin/bin_cmake/cmake-3.20.0-linux-x86_64.sh \
       <IMAGE> diskquota_src/concourse/scripts/entry.sh build
```

3. Run tests.

> Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to GPDB regression testing image (for example `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_u22:latest` or `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb7_u22:latest`)

Reviewer 2: Maybe avoid duplication of this statement (and this statement at all), add a list of currently supported images for disquota somewhere above, and just refer to it?
```suggestion
Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to a supported GPDB docker image.
```

> Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to GPDB regression testing image (for example `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_regress:latest` or `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb7_u22:latest`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change <PATH_TO_DISKQUOTA_SRC> and <PATH_TO_CMAKE_INSTALL_SCRIPT> to the appropriate paths on your local machine, and <IMAGE> to GPDB regression testing image (for example `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb6_u22:latest` or `hub.adsw.io/library/gpdb7_u22:latest`)
```
